then the others copy to be in the fashion. Milly too rock oil and flour.
Raw pastry I like myself. Half the catch of oysters they throw back in
the sea to keep up the price. Cheap no-one would buy. Caviare. Do the
grand. Hock in green glasses. Swell blowout. Lady this. Powdered bosom
pearls. The _élite. Crème de la crème_. They want special dishes to
pretend they're. Hermit with a platter of pulse keep down the stings
of the flesh. Know me come eat with me. Royal sturgeon high sheriff,
Coffey, the butcher, right to venisons of the forest from his ex. Send
him back the half of a cow. Spread I saw down in the Master of the
Rolls' kitchen area. Whitehatted _chef_ like a rabbi. Combustible duck.
Curly cabbage _à la duchesse de Parme_. Just as well to write it on the
bill of fare so you can know what you've eaten. Too many drugs spoil the
broth. I know it myself. Dosing it with Edwards' desiccated soup. Geese
stuffed silly for them. Lobsters boiled alive. Do ptake some ptarmigan.
Wouldn't mind being a waiter in a swell hotel. Tips, evening dress,
halfnaked ladies. May I tempt you to a little more filleted lemon sole,
miss Dubedat? Yes, do bedad. And she did bedad. Huguenot name I expect
that. A miss Dubedat lived in Killiney, I remember. _Du, de la_ French.
Still it's the same fish perhaps old Micky Hanlon of Moore street ripped
the guts out of making money hand over fist finger in fishes' gills
can't write his name on a cheque think he was painting the landscape
with his mouth twisted. Moooikill A Aitcha Ha ignorant as a kish of
brogues, worth fifty thousand pounds.

Stuck on the pane two flies buzzed, stuck.

Glowing wine on his palate lingered swallowed. Crushing in the winepress
grapes of Burgundy. Sun's heat it is. Seems to a secret touch telling me
memory. Touched his sense moistened remembered. Hidden under wild ferns
on Howth below us bay sleeping: sky. No sound. The sky. The bay purple
by the Lion's head. Green by Drumleck. Yellowgreen towards Sutton.
Fields of undersea, the lines faint brown in grass, buried cities.
Pillowed on my coat she had her hair, earwigs in the heather scrub
my hand under her nape, you'll toss me all. O wonder! Coolsoft with
ointments her hand touched me, caressed: her eyes upon me did not turn