---True for you, says Joe.

And Bloom cuts in again about lawn tennis and the circulation of the
blood, asking Alf:

--Now, don't you think, Bergan?

--Myler dusted the floor with him, says Alf. Heenan and Sayers was only
a bloody fool to it. Handed him the father and mother of a beating. See
the little kipper not up to his navel and the big fellow swiping. God,
he gave him one last puck in the wind, Queensberry rules and all, made
him puke what he never ate.

It was a historic and a hefty battle when Myler and Percy were scheduled
to don the gloves for the purse of fifty sovereigns. Handicapped as he
was by lack of poundage, Dublin's pet lamb made up for it by superlative
skill in ringcraft. The final bout of fireworks was a gruelling for both
champions. The welterweight sergeantmajor had tapped some lively claret
in the previous mixup during which Keogh had been receivergeneral of
rights and lefts, the artilleryman putting in some neat work on the
pet's nose, and Myler came on looking groggy. The soldier got to
business, leading off with a powerful left jab to which the Irish
gladiator retaliated by shooting out a stiff one flush to the point of
Bennett's jaw. The redcoat ducked but the Dubliner lifted him with a
left hook, the body punch being a fine one. The men came to handigrips.
Myler quickly became busy and got his man under, the bout ending with
the bulkier man on the ropes, Myler punishing him. The Englishman, whose
right eye was nearly closed, took his corner where he was liberally
drenched with water and when the bell went came on gamey and brimful of
pluck, confident of knocking out the fistic Eblanite in jigtime. It was
a fight to a finish and the best man for it. The two fought like tigers
and excitement ran fever high. The referee twice cautioned Pucking Percy
for holding but the pet was tricky and his footwork a treat to watch.
After a brisk exchange of courtesies during which a smart upper cut of
the military man brought blood freely from his opponent's mouth the