And yet and yet! That strained look on her face! A gnawing sorrow is
there all the time. Her very soul is in her eyes and she would give
worlds to be in the privacy of her own familiar chamber where,
giving way to tears, she could have a good cry and relieve her pentup
feelingsthough not too much because she knew how to cry nicely before
the mirror. You are lovely, Gerty, it said. The paly light of evening
falls upon a face infinitely sad and wistful. Gerty MacDowell yearns
in vain. Yes, she had known from the very first that her daydream of a
marriage has been arranged and the weddingbells ringing for Mrs Reggy
Wylie T. C. D. (because the one who married the elder brother would be
Mrs Wylie) and in the fashionable intelligence Mrs Gertrude Wylie was
wearing a sumptuous confection of grey trimmed with expensive blue fox
was not to be. He was too young to understand. He would not believe in
love, a woman's birthright. The night of the party long ago in Stoer's
(he was still in short trousers) when they were alone and he stole
an arm round her waist she went white to the very lips. He called her
little one in a strangely husky voice and snatched a half kiss (the
first!) but it was only the end of her nose and then he hastened from
the room with a remark about refreshments. Impetuous fellow! Strength of
character had never been Reggy Wylie's strong point and he who would
woo and win Gerty MacDowell must be a man among men. But waiting, always
waiting to be asked and it was leap year too and would soon be over. No
prince charming is her beau ideal to lay a rare and wondrous love at her
feet but rather a manly man with a strong quiet face who had not found
his ideal, perhaps his hair slightly flecked with grey, and who would
understand, take her in his sheltering arms, strain her to him in all
the strength of his deep passionate nature and comfort her with a long
long kiss. It would be like heaven. For such a one she yearns this balmy
summer eve. With all the heart of her she longs to be his only, his
affianced bride for riches for poor, in sickness in health, till death
us two part, from this to this day forward.

And while Edy Boardman was with little Tommy behind the pushcar she was
just thinking would the day ever come when she could call herself his
little wife to be. Then they could talk about her till they went blue in