he was a passing good man of his lustiness. And sir Leopold that was the
goodliest guest that ever sat in scholars' hall and that was the meekest
man and the kindest that ever laid husbandly hand under hen and that was
the very truest knight of the world one that ever did minion service
to lady gentle pledged him courtly in the cup. Woman's woe with wonder
pondering.

Now let us speak of that fellowship that was there to the intent to be
drunken an they might. There was a sort of scholars along either side
the board, that is to wit, Dixon yclept junior of saint Mary Merciable's
with other his fellows Lynch and Madden, scholars of medicine, and the
franklin that hight Lenehan and one from Alba Longa, one Crotthers, and
young Stephen that had mien of a frere that was at head of the board
and Costello that men clepen Punch Costello all long of a mastery of
him erewhile gested (and of all them, reserved young Stephen, he was the
most drunken that demanded still of more mead) and beside the meek sir
Leopold. But on young Malachi they waited for that he promised to have
come and such as intended to no goodness said how he had broke his avow.
And sir Leopold sat with them for he bore fast friendship to sir Simon
and to this his son young Stephen and for that his languor becalmed him
there after longest wanderings insomuch as they feasted him for that
time in the honourablest manner. Ruth red him, love led on with will to
wander, loth to leave.

For they were right witty scholars. And he heard their aresouns each gen
other as touching birth and righteousness, young Madden maintaining that
put such case it were hard the wife to die (for so it had fallen out a
matter of some year agone with a woman of Eblana in Horne's house that
now was trespassed out of this world and the self night next before her
death all leeches and pothecaries had taken counsel of her case). And
they said farther she should live because in the beginning, they said,
the woman should bring forth in pain and wherefore they that were of
this imagination affirmed how young Madden had said truth for he had
conscience to let her die. And not few and of these was young Lynch
were in doubt that the world was now right evil governed as it was never