a vat of silver that was moved by craft to open in the which lay strange
fishes withouten heads though misbelieving men nie that this be possible
thing without they see it natheless they are so. And these fishes lie
in an oily water brought there from Portugal land because of the fatness
that therein is like to the juices of the olivepress. And also it was
a marvel to see in that castle how by magic they make a compost out of
fecund wheatkidneys out of Chaldee that by aid of certain angry spirits
that they do in to it swells up wondrously like to a vast mountain. And
they teach the serpents there to entwine themselves up on long sticks
out of the ground and of the scales of these serpents they brew out a
brewage like to mead.

And the learning knight let pour for childe Leopold a draught and halp
thereto the while all they that were there drank every each. And childe
Leopold did up his beaver for to pleasure him and took apertly somewhat
in amity for he never drank no manner of mead which he then put by and
anon full privily he voided the more part in his neighbour glass and
his neighbour nist not of this wile. And he sat down in that castle with
them for to rest him there awhile. Thanked be Almighty God.

This meanwhile this good sister stood by the door and begged them at the
reverence of Jesu our alther liege Lord to leave their wassailing for
there was above one quick with child, a gentle dame, whose time hied
fast. Sir Leopold heard on the upfloor cry on high and he wondered what
cry that it was whether of child or woman and I marvel, said he, that it
be not come or now. Meseems it dureth overlong. And he was ware and saw
a franklin that hight Lenehan on that side the table that was older than
any of the tother and for that they both were knights virtuous in the
one emprise and eke by cause that he was elder he spoke to him full
gently. But, said he, or it be long too she will bring forth by God His
bounty and have joy of her childing for she hath waited marvellous long.
And the franklin that had drunken said, Expecting each moment to be her
next. Also he took the cup that stood tofore him for him needed never
none asking nor desiring of him to drink and, Now drink, said he, fully
delectably, and he quaffed as far as he might to their both's health for