Loth to irk in Horne's hall hat holding the seeker stood. On her stow he
ere was living with dear wife and lovesome daughter that then over land
and seafloor nine years had long outwandered. Once her in townhithe
meeting he to her bow had not doffed. Her to forgive now he craved with
good ground of her allowed that that of him swiftseen face, hers, so
young then had looked. Light swift her eyes kindled, bloom of blushes
his word winning.

As her eyes then ongot his weeds swart therefor sorrow she feared. Glad
after she was that ere adread was. Her he asked if O'Hare Doctor tidings
sent from far coast and she with grameful sigh him answered that O'Hare
Doctor in heaven was. Sad was the man that word to hear that him so
heavied in bowels ruthful. All she there told him, ruing death for
friend so young, algate sore unwilling God's rightwiseness to withsay.
She said that he had a fair sweet death through God His goodness with
masspriest to be shriven, holy housel and sick men's oil to his limbs.
The man then right earnest asked the nun of which death the dead man was
died and the nun answered him and said that he was died in Mona Island
through bellycrab three year agone come Childermas and she prayed to God
the Allruthful to have his dear soul in his undeathliness. He heard her
sad words, in held hat sad staring. So stood they there both awhile in
wanhope sorrowing one with other.

Therefore, everyman, look to that last end that is thy death and the
dust that gripeth on every man that is born of woman for as he came
naked forth from his mother's womb so naked shall he wend him at the
last for to go as he came.

The man that was come in to the house then spoke to the nursingwoman and
he asked her how it fared with the woman that lay there in childbed.
The nursingwoman answered him and said that that woman was in throes
now full three days and that it would be a hard birth unneth to bear
but that now in a little it would be. She said thereto that she had
seen many births of women but never was none so hard as was that woman's
birth. Then she set it all forth to him for because she knew the man